[IMP] Time Off: Updating Management (#14185)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/time_off/management.rst

Time off and allocation requests undergo an approval process before being granted. Requests either
need one or two approvals, if any, depending on how the specific type of time off is configured. All
these configurations can be found under the *Management* section of the **Time Off** application.

> Only people who can :ref:`approve allocation and time off requests <employees/work-info-tab>` have
> the :guilabel:`Management` section visible in the **Time Off** application.

Reviewer: slight wording change for brevity (:
```suggestion
Only users who can :ref:`approve allocation and time off requests <employees/work-info-tab>` see the :guilabel:`Management` section in the **Time Off** application.
```
